all right so we're taking this pulley
off and it requires a SCR v10 it's a
stupid they put a Allan alright so here
I am
this is the hardest part trying to get
this on this tensioner out this bolt was
easy I used a 12 millimeter wrench right
there and for the other Bowl you're
gonna ain't gonna have to use a set up
exactly like this so we have a 12
millimeter socket with the elbow and
extensions you have to use the electives
because the way they designed it you you
had to squeeze it yet go underneath the
car and there's a little gap right there
and that's where you're going to squeeze
your extension with the elbow and you're
going to come right or Neath the bolt
which is where my pinky is there's a
bolt goes right there installed the
tension the tensioner in there it's down
there you can see the pin and now for
this step every bolt you put back in you
gotta torque everything down and
according to the manual for this engine
you have the torque both bolts to 27 and
Newton meters someone do that right now
the next step I installed the bottom
pulley
and we're going to talk this down to 40
Newton meters and the top 40 35 Newton
meters
so 35 doing meters in 40 newing meters
for this pulley I'm gonna do that right
now
all right so I put the water pump on put
the gasket on and stop thermostat and
you can see and all these bolts
water pump has been down to 14
foot pounds
including the housing
right now all right so when you put your
thermostat you're going to see this
little hole little thing and be pointing
up to make sure this is pointing upwards
all right so this is where I'm at I got
the water pump installed kind on the
bolts up to 14 foot pounds I think God
says also 14 foot pounds like were
installed lipstick because I had to move
it to act to pull the water pump out and
just looks like we just have to put the
belt on
pull the pin after we inside the ball
put the belt home car
alright so this is what it looks like
I've already installed my belt but for
you guys I'll show you you want to line
it up the marks make sure they're
straight with the notch
this is your left cam this is your right
cam and if you have a OAM feel the belt
it's going to have these arrows which
help and also on the bottom where is
that behind them
find it
you're looking for
looking for the mark line it up
so as you can see the little right there
that tells you that it's even on the
bottom also and I want to once you got
all that set you wrap the belt of the
top the bottom the two police then
you're going to put it on half of on the
bottom gear and you're gonna get a
wrench and you're gonna rotate it and
he's going to grip and then he's going
to grab it right on you know it's the
hardest part of this was putting the
belt on it was pretty difficult I got it
a few times but it was off a few teeth
so make sure when you put it on and
rotate it back on and make sure
everything is dead even all right so
here I am I'm going to about to pull the
pin everything in settled in the bully
pin there we go
sorry something up I'm not good so far
alright so I got the cover put on I was
easy there's just two millimeter bolts
surrounding the cover put this bracket
on where it's located next to the power
steering pump and aliment for the bottom
pulley on and
this one and you add the talk you had to
torque it down to 250 foot okay so this
is how it looks like at the bottom fully
in just clean the belts on I can see
right now with the new belt after just a
alternator make it fit and I'm gonna
start from the belt back on alright so
this is where I'm standing
alright so this is where I remember
putting the belts on finally and right
now I'm putting the bottom idler pulley
on idler pulley on and I just have to
tighten everything up make sure all the
belts are all tight put the radiator fan
arm with the weight back on put new
radiator fluid in it I'm not starting up
all right so it's pretty basic I just
went ahead I mean put the belts on just
like if we took it off in the beginning
of the video I'm just gonna just have to
adjust the sound on the bottom given
screw this top blue ball right here and
another one on the bottom and there's a
lock on the side right here there's like
a screw that Oh Nick makes it go up and
down
let's mean just the alternator
I could just power steering pump let's
adjust this belt I know you have them
screw this board here and also when you
check on the check
there's another one so I guess it is it
is this one you get unscrew that one and
on the side right here kind of like on
the alternator they're the same thing
that you in spew it goes this way and if
you kind it goes this way so kind of
hard explain it's not even when I got
the pan on at the tighten these bolts up
the four bolts on this this get played
back on put new radiator fluid put the
hose on and start it up
and should be ready to go okay so here's
a car I am officially done this is how
it came out too
it's a bit I gotta clean up then but
just saw one came out pretty nice took a
little bit but I got through it and I'm
gonna be starting it up alright let's
see what happens first start up
yeah
we have my battery's low while I was
working on the car had the radio on so I
need to charge a battery oh it runs cool